Adding fetch examples for events (#718)
datatrails/datatrails-docs: content/developers/api-reference/events-api/index.md

}
```

### Event Record Retrieval

> Event records in DataTrails are tokenized at creation time and referred to in all API calls and smart contracts throughout the system by a unique identity of the form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event records in DataTrails are tokenized at creation time and referred to in all future API calls by a permanent unique identity of the form:
```

```bash

> assets/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/events/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx

Reviewer 2: it's great we're obfuscating the asset_id's we use to create the docs. Can we create environment variables so users can copy/paste the commands? It's a bit confusing to know which guid's should be replaced, and when.

```

If you do not know the Event’s identity you can fetch Event records using other information you do know.

#### Fetch All Events

To fetch all Event records, simply `GET` the Events resources:

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
     -H "@$HOME/.datatrails/bearer-token.txt" \
     "https://app.datatrails.ai/archivist/v2/assets/-/events"
```

#### Fetch Events for a Specific Asset

If you know the unique identity of the Asset record simply `GET` the resource:

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
     -H "@$HOME/.datatrails/bearer-token.txt" \
     "https://app.datatrails.ai/archivist/v2/assets/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/events"
```

> #### Fetch Specific Events by Identity

Reviewer: This should be at the top before you make the note "If you don't know the identity ... " - or at least it should be the very first example after it - see what flows better.

Author: Hi @JAG-UK  may be confused as there is a note before this example that states . . . 

"If you know the unique identity of the Asset record . . . " as it represents retrieving events for a specific Asset thus all a person would require to know is the Asset ID.

Then following is if you know the the unique ID for the Asset and Events. . . 

Was following the flow of the Asset page. . . seems in step with what we have documented.  Are you stating that we should have a line that states "If you don't know the identity  . . ."? seems redundant as it's the other side of the coin of just knowing the Asset ID   . . . retrieving events for a specific Asset.

If you know the unique identity of the Asset and Event record simply `GET` the resource:

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
     -H "@$HOME/.datatrails/bearer-token.txt" \
     "https://app.datatrails.ai/archivst/v2/assets/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/events/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
```

#### Fetch Event by Type

> To fech all Events of a specific type, `GET` the Events resource and filter on `arc_display_type`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch all Events of a specific type, `GET` the Events resource and filter on `arc_display_type`:
```

```bash
curl -g -v -X GET \
     -H "@$HOME/.datatrails/bearer-token.txt" \
     "https://app.datatrails.ai/archivist/v2/assets/-/events?event_attributes.arc_display_type=Software%20Package%20Release"
```

> #### Fetch Event by Asset Type

Reviewer: There seem to be 2 concepts here - the test is talking about fetch by Asset type (like, show me all events that have happened to "apples") but the example then shows fetching based on an Asset _property_ (like, show me all events that have happened where the Asset has been "peeled"). 

Would be good to split these out and have both - so an example o go with what the text ays (arc_display_type) and some text to accompany the example (asset_attributes.foo)

Author: Hi @JAG-UK   . . . there already is an example that fetches an Event by Asset Type it's after Fetch Event by type.  However I do see an update to the verbiage. . . but it does already exists. . . provided that we are talking about the same two examples.

Author: Hello @JAG-UK  . . . ok hopefully we are referencing the same thing re: the above about updating the verbiage as there has been additional commits to change from asset type to asset attribute. . . did that last week.  Let me know if this is what you are referring to.
